Omnitrace docs refactoring (#353)
ROCm/omnitrace: docs/install/install.rst

.. meta::
   :description: Omnitrace documentation and reference
   :keywords: Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD

*************************************
Omnitrace installation
*************************************

The following information builds on the guidelines in the :doc:`Quick start <./quick-start>` guide.
It covers how to install `Omnitrace <https://github.com/ROCm/omnitrace>`_ from source or a binary distribution,
as well as post-installation steps.

Operating system support
========================================

> Omnitrace is only supported on Linux. The following distributions are tested:

Author: Yes, I think this is more clear.

> Omnitrace is only supported on Linux. The following distributions are tested:

Author: I changed it to "tested in the Omnitrace GitHub workflows".

* Ubuntu 18.04
* Ubuntu 20.04
* Ubuntu 22.04
* OpenSUSE 15.2
* OpenSUSE 15.3
* OpenSUSE 15.4
* Red Hat 8.7
* Red Hat 9.0
* Red Hat 9.1

Other OS distributions might be supported but are not tested.

Identifying the operating system
-----------------------------------

If you are unsure of the operating system and version, the ``/etc/os-release`` and 
``/usr/lib/os-release`` files contain operating system identification data for Linux systems.

.. code-block:: shell

   $ cat /etc/os-release

.. code-block:: shell

   NAME="Ubuntu"
   VERSION="20.04.4 LTS (Focal Fossa)"
   ID=ubuntu
   ...
   VERSION_ID="20.04"

>    ...

Author: If it's a command and the output, I typically keep them separated.

.. meta::
   :description: Omnitrace documentation and reference
   :keywords: Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD

*************************************
Omnitrace installation
*************************************

The following information builds on the guidelines in the :doc:`Quick start <./quick-start>` guide.
It covers how to install `Omnitrace <https://github.com/ROCm/omnitrace>`_ from source or a binary distribution,
as well as post-installation steps.

Release links
========================================

To review and install either the current Omnitrace release or earlier releases, use these links:

> * `Latest Omnitrace Release <https://github.com/ROCm/omnitrace/releases/latest>`_ 

Reviewer: both of these should be github links with icon

* `All Omnitrace Releases <https://github.com/ROCm/omnitrace/releases>`_ 

Operating system support
========================================

Omnitrace is only supported on Linux. The following distributions are tested in the Omnitrace GitHub workflows:

* Ubuntu 20.04
* Ubuntu 22.04
* OpenSUSE 15.3
* OpenSUSE 15.4
* Red Hat 8.7
* Red Hat 9.0
* Red Hat 9.1

> Other OS distributions might be supported but are not tested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other OS distributions might function but are not supported or tested.
```

.. note::

   If ROCm support is enabled, you might have to add the path to the ROCm libraries to ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH``,
   for example, ``export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/rocm/lib:${LD_LIBRARY_PATH}``.

Post-installation troubleshooting
========================================

This section explains how to resolve certain issues that might happen when you first use Omnitrace.

Issues with RHEL and SELinux
----------------------------------------------------

RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) distributions of Linux automatically enable a security feature 
named SELinux (Security-Enhanced Linux) that prevents Omnitrace from running.
This issue applies to systems running the CentOS 9 operating system using

> any version of the AMD ROCm Software alongside an AMD Instinct MI300 GPU.

Reviewer 2: This can be more generalized to just any distro that has SELinux installed. The RHEL-based distros, like CentOS, Rocky, Alma, Fedora, and RHEL itself, are just examples. 
Likewise, you can see this with any GPU (or none at all)

Author: Okay, I'll make this more generic, but will include a couple of examples (RHEL and CentOS are the most popular of these).

The problem occurs after you instrument a program and try to
run ``omnitrace-run`` with the instrumented program.

.. code-block:: shell

   g++ hello.cpp -o hello
   omniperf-instrument -M sampling -o hello.instr -- ./hello
   omnitrace-run -- ./hello.instr

Instead of successfully running the binary with call-stack sampling, 

> Omnitrace crashes with a segmentation fault.

Reviewer 2: It maybe worth noting, that if you are physically on the system (as in, not SSH'ed in), your OS will probably show a pop-up warning from SELinux in the notifications area.

Author: I'll add this as a note.
